Installation-macOS.md, before:

This guide will help you install Theos on your macOS device.

Supports jailbroken devices and simulators, where applicable.


| Platform | Minimum OS version | Targets supported
|----------|--------------------|-------------------|
| **macOS** | Mavericks (10.9) | macOS, iOS, watchOS, tvOS |

1. Install the following prerequisites:

    * [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)
    * [Xcode](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835?ls=1&mt=12)<sup>1</sup> is mandatory. The Command Line Tools package isn’t sufficient for Theos to work. Xcode includes toolchains for all Apple platforms.

    <sup>
    <sup>1</sup> Xcode 5.0 or newer. Xcode 4.4 supported, but only when building for ARMv6 (1st/2nd generation iPhone/iPod touch).
    </sup>

        brew install ldid xz

1. Set up the `THEOS` environment variable:

        echo "export THEOS=~/theos" >> ~/.profile

    For this change to take effect, you must restart your shell. Open a new tab and do `echo $THEOS` on your shell to check if this is working.

1. Clone Theos to your device:

        git clone --recursive https://github.com/theos/theos.git $THEOS

1. Get the toolchain:

	Xcode contains the toolchain.

1. Get an iOS SDK:

    Xcode always provides the latest iOS SDK, but as of Xcode 7.3, it no longer includes private frameworks you can link against. This may be an issue when developing tweaks. You can get a patched SDK from [our SDKs repo](https://github.com/theos/sdks) — click the “Download ZIP” button in the top-right, extract it, and copy the SDK(s) you want into the `sdks/` folder inside Theos.

1. Set up ghostbin script:

        curl https://ghostbin.com/ghost.sh -o $THEOS/bin/ghost
        chmod +x $THEOS/bin/ghost

Commit message:

Added non-root usage note.
- Only tabs for indentation.
- Linux: fixed ghostbin step not being optional.
- iOS: fixed ghostbin step not being optional; moved swift-toolchain to 
its own step; removed unzip installation command.
- macOS: fixed ghostbin step not being optional.

Installation-macOS.md, after:

This guide will help you install Theos on your macOS device.

Supports jailbroken devices and simulators, where applicable.


| Platform | Minimum OS version | Targets supported
|----------|--------------------|-------------------|
| **macOS** | Mavericks (10.9) | macOS, iOS, watchOS, tvOS |

All the commands shown on the following instructions are meant to be run as the "user" user, _not_ **root**. Similarly, Theos is also meant to be run as a normal user, _not_ **root**.

1. Install the following prerequisites:

	* [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)
	* [Xcode](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835?ls=1&mt=12)<sup>1</sup> is mandatory. The Command Line Tools package isn’t sufficient for Theos to work. Xcode includes toolchains for all Apple platforms.

	<sup>
	<sup>1</sup> Xcode 5.0 or newer. Xcode 4.4 supported, but only when building for ARMv6 (1st/2nd generation iPhone/iPod touch).
	</sup>

		brew install ldid xz

1. Set up the `THEOS` environment variable:

		echo "export THEOS=~/theos" >> ~/.profile

	For this change to take effect, you must restart your shell. Open a new tab and do `echo $THEOS` on your shell to check if this is working.

1. Clone Theos to your device:

		git clone --recursive https://github.com/theos/theos.git $THEOS

1. Get the toolchain:

	Xcode contains the toolchain.

1. Get an iOS SDK:

	Xcode always provides the latest iOS SDK, but as of Xcode 7.3, it no longer includes private frameworks you can link against. This may be an issue when developing tweaks. You can get a patched SDK from [our SDKs repo](https://github.com/theos/sdks) — click the “Download ZIP” button in the top-right, extract it, and copy the SDK(s) you want into the `sdks/` folder inside Theos.

1. Set up ghostbin script (optional):

		curl https://ghostbin.com/ghost.sh -o $THEOS/bin/ghost
		chmod +x $THEOS/bin/ghost
