Installation-Cygwin.md, before:

This guide will help you install Theos on your Windows (7, 8, and 8.1) machine via Cygwin.

Please consider using [Windows Subsystem for Linux](Installation-Linux) instead if possible. Cygwin works but is quite limited.

| Platform | Minimum OS version | Targets supported
|----------|--------------------|-------------------|
| **Windows** | XP | iOS |

1. Install the following prerequisites:

	* [Cygwin](https://cygwin.com/install.html)
	* git (under Devel)
	* make (under Devel)
	* ca-certificates (under Net)
	* openssh (under Net)
	* perl (under Perl)
	* python (under Python)

1. Set up the `THEOS` environment variable:

		echo "export THEOS=~/theos" >> ~/.profile

    For this change to take effect, you must restart your shell. Open a new tab and do `echo $THEOS` on your shell to check if this is working.

1. Clone Theos to your device:

		git clone --recursive https://github.com/theos/theos.git $THEOS

1. Get the toolchain:

    On 32 bit:

		git clone git://github.com/coolstar/iOSToolchain4Win.git $THEOS/toolchain/windows/iphone

    On 64 bit:

		git clone -b x86_64 git://github.com/coolstar/iOSToolchain4Win.git $THEOS/toolchain/windows/iphone

1. Get an iOS SDK:

    You can get patched SDKs from [our SDKs repo](https://github.com/theos/sdks).

		curl -LO https://github.com/theos/sdks/archive/master.zip
		unzip master.zip -d $THEOS/sdks
		rm master.zip

1. Set up ghostbin script:

		curl https://ghostbin.com/ghost.sh -o $THEOS/bin/ghost
		chmod +x $THEOS/bin/ghost

Commit message:

Added non-root usage note.
- Only tabs for indentation.
- Linux: fixed ghostbin step not being optional.
- iOS: fixed ghostbin step not being optional; moved swift-toolchain to 
its own step; removed unzip installation command.
- macOS: fixed ghostbin step not being optional.

Installation-Cygwin.md, after:

This guide will help you install Theos on your Windows (7, 8, and 8.1) machine via Cygwin.

Please consider using [Windows Subsystem for Linux](Installation-Linux) instead if possible. Cygwin works but is quite limited.

| Platform | Minimum OS version | Targets supported
|----------|--------------------|-------------------|
| **Windows** | XP | iOS |

All the commands shown on the following instructions are meant to be run as the "user" user, _not_ **root**. Similarly, Theos is also meant to be run as a normal user, _not_ **root**.

1. Install the following prerequisites:

	* [Cygwin](https://cygwin.com/install.html)
	* git (under Devel)
	* make (under Devel)
	* ca-certificates (under Net)
	* openssh (under Net)
	* perl (under Perl)
	* python (under Python)

1. Set up the `THEOS` environment variable:

		echo "export THEOS=~/theos" >> ~/.profile

	For this change to take effect, you must restart your shell. Open a new tab and do `echo $THEOS` on your shell to check if this is working.

1. Clone Theos to your device:

		git clone --recursive https://github.com/theos/theos.git $THEOS

1. Get the toolchain:

	On 32 bit:

		git clone git://github.com/coolstar/iOSToolchain4Win.git $THEOS/toolchain/windows/iphone

	On 64 bit:

		git clone -b x86_64 git://github.com/coolstar/iOSToolchain4Win.git $THEOS/toolchain/windows/iphone

1. Get an iOS SDK:

	You can get patched SDKs from [our SDKs repo](https://github.com/theos/sdks).

		curl -LO https://github.com/theos/sdks/archive/master.zip
		unzip master.zip -d $THEOS/sdks
		rm master.zip

1. Set up ghostbin script (optional):

		curl https://ghostbin.com/ghost.sh -o $THEOS/bin/ghost
		chmod +x $THEOS/bin/ghost
