nicrc(5).md, before:

## NAME
**.nicrc** -- NIC configuration file

## SYNOPSIS
**~/.nicrc**

## DESCRIPTION
nic.pl(1) reads configuration data from ~/.nicrc. This file uses a simple key-value format, `key = "value"`. Values must be enclosed in quotes, even if it is a number.

### `ignore_parent_theos`
When `link_theos` is set to `1`, and an instance is being created within a parent instance, use the destination of the parent `theos` symlink when creating the child one. If `ignore_parent_theos` is set to `0`, the value of `$THEOS` will be used instead. The default is `0`.

### `link_theos`
Whether to use a `theos` symlink that points to the location of Theos, or to rely on the `$THEOS` environment variable. The default is `0`. This is changed from the original Theos, which uses a default of `1`. If this is undesirable, you may set this back to `1`.

### `package_prefix`
The prefix to use by default for reverse DNS package identifiers. The default is `com.yourcompany`. For example, setting `package_prefix = "ws.hbang"` and creating a new project called "Example Instance" will make the default package identifier `ws.hbang.exampleinstance`.

### `skip_package_name`
Whether to prompt for a package identifier, or just always use the one generated by NIC. Most likely you also want to set `package_prefix` if you use this. The default is `0`.

### `username`
The value to use as the author/maintainer of new instances. Setting this will cause NIC to skip asking for the author name. It is recommended to also include an email address enclosed in angle brackets. The default is the name of the currently logged in user. Example: `username = "HASHBANG Productions <support@hbang.ws>"`.

## FILES
### ~/.nicrc
Contains the configuration data for nic.pl(1).

## SEE ALSO
nic.pl(1)

## AUTHORS
NIC was authored by [Dustin Howett](https://github.com/DHowett/theos).

Commit message:

sort keys by type, link nic.pl(1), add dev wiki article

nicrc(5).md, after:

## NAME
**.nicrc** -- NIC configuration file

## SYNOPSIS
**~/.nicrc**

## DESCRIPTION
nic.pl(1) reads configuration data from ~/.nicrc. This file uses a simple key-value format, `key = "value"`. Values must be enclosed in quotes, even if it is a number.

### Instance Metadata
#### `package_prefix`
The prefix to use by default for reverse DNS package identifiers. The default is `com.yourcompany`. For example, setting `package_prefix = "ws.hbang"` and creating a new project called "Example Instance" will make the default package identifier `ws.hbang.exampleinstance`.

#### `skip_package_name`
Whether to prompt for a package identifier, or just always use the one generated by NIC. Most likely you also want to set `package_prefix` if you use this. The default is `0`.

#### `username`
The value to use as the author/maintainer of new instances. Setting this will cause NIC to skip asking for the author name. It is recommended to also include an email address enclosed in angle brackets. The default is the name of the currently logged in user. Example: `username = "HASHBANG Productions <support@hbang.ws>"`.

### Theos Reference
#### `link_theos`
Whether to use a `theos` symlink that points to the location of Theos, or to rely on the `$THEOS` environment variable. The default is `0`. This is changed from the original Theos, which uses a default of `1`. If this is undesirable, you may set this back to `1`.

#### `ignore_parent_theos`
When `link_theos` is set to `1`, and an instance is being created within a parent instance, use the destination of the parent `theos` symlink when creating the child one. If `ignore_parent_theos` is set to `0`, the value of `$THEOS` will be used instead. The default is `0`.

## FILES
### ~/.nicrc
Contains the configuration data for nic.pl(1).

## SEE ALSO
* [[nic.pl(1)]]
* [iPhone Dev Wiki: NIC](http://iphonedevwiki.net/index.php/NIC)

## AUTHORS
NIC was authored by [Dustin Howett](https://github.com/DHowett/theos).
